h1. Prototype Playground

Thoughts and under construction prototype extensions.

h2. Element.Methods extensions

h3. Element.Methods.inject

NOTE: Inspiration from mootools 1.2

h3. Element.Methods.toHTML

NOTE: Taken from Protolicious (Kangax) http://github.com/kangax/protolicious/tree/master/element.methods.js

CHANGES: Tiny change made in first line

WARNING: The output is different each browsers

h3. Element.Methods.clone

NOTE: Inspiration from mootools 1.2

Clone a DOM element, can be deep or shallow and keep IDs or not

INFO: support Element.Storage from this playground

h2. Form.PasswordFields

Made to toggle password fields while editing user entry

To be used with similar html code :

<code>
<fieldset id="password_fields">
  <legend>Change your password</legend>
  <div class="field"><label for="user_password"><span class="field_name">Password <span class="hint">(leave blank to keep actual password)</span></label><input autocomplete="off" id="user_password" name="user[password]" size="30" type="password" /></div>

  <div class="field"><label for="user_password_confirmation"><span class="field_name">Password confirmation</span></label><input id="user_password_confirmation" name="user[password_confirmation]" size="30" type="password" /></div>
</fieldset>
</code>

NOTE : Check the code for better understanding, it's 15 lines only, notice included

h2. Date.fromJSON()

Allow to create a Date based on an ISO 8601 formatted date time string, as Date#toJSON() produce

<code>
new Date.fromJSON("2009-11-06T13:30:12Z");
//-> Fri Nov 06 2009 15:30:12 GMT+0200 (EET)
</code>


© 2008-2009 Sébastien Grosjean

<pre>
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</pre>